README.md, before:

# Greek Flashcard Helper

A basic web application to help with learning Greek words by providing quick access to various vocabulary learning resources.

## Features

Search for English words and get embedded results for:

- Greek Wiktionary (for translations)
- Langeek Dictionary (for images)
- Forvo (for pronunciation)

## How to Use

### Search

1. Start the server by running `npm start` (or `npm run dev` for dev mode)
1. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your web browser
1. Enter an English word in the Search field and submit

### Results

#### Wiktionary

Translations are displayed in the **Wiktionary Results** section.

- Copy a translation and add it to your flashcard

#### Langeek

Images are displayed in the **Langeek Results** section

- Copy an image and add it to your flashcard
- If the image displayed is for a different meaning of your search term, click the `↗` link to view images for other meanings of your search term in a new tab

### Forvo

You must select a Greek word in order to find pronunciation audio files.

- Select a Greek word from the **Wiktionary Results** section to get a “Listen on Forvo” button
- Click the button to open the Greek word in Forvo in a new tab
- Download a pronunciation audio file from Forvo (account required)
- Add the audio file to your flashcard

### Quick Links

If any of the embedded search results do not fit your needs, you can use the **Quick Links** section to open your search term in the respective service in a new tab. In the case of Forvo, it will take you to the Forvo home page, where you can search for a Greek word.

## Future Improvements

- Add export functionality for creating flashcards

Commit message:

Add README note about Anki and Fluent Forever

README.md, after:

# Greek Flashcard Helper

A basic web application to help with learning Greek words by providing quick access to various vocabulary learning resources.

Designed for use with Anki and the Fluent Forever approach described in the blog post [Simple Word Flashcards](https://blog.fluent-forever.com/simple-word-flashcards/).

## Features

Search for English words and get embedded results for:

- Greek Wiktionary (for translations)
- Langeek Dictionary (for images)
- Forvo (for pronunciation)

## How to Use

### Search

1. Start the server by running `npm start` (or `npm run dev` for dev mode)
1. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your web browser
1. Enter an English word in the Search field and submit

### Results

#### Wiktionary

Translations are displayed in the **Wiktionary Results** section.

- Copy a translation and add it to your flashcard

#### Langeek

Images are displayed in the **Langeek Results** section

- Copy an image and add it to your flashcard
- If the image displayed is for a different meaning of your search term, click the `↗` link to view images for other meanings of your search term in a new tab

### Forvo

You must select a Greek word in order to find pronunciation audio files.

- Select a Greek word from the **Wiktionary Results** section to get a “Listen on Forvo” button
- Click the button to open the Greek word in Forvo in a new tab
- Download a pronunciation audio file from Forvo (account required)
- Add the audio file to your flashcard

### Quick Links

If any of the embedded search results do not fit your needs, you can use the **Quick Links** section to open your search term in the respective service in a new tab. In the case of Forvo, it will take you to the Forvo home page, where you can search for a Greek word.

## Future Improvements

- Add export functionality for creating flashcards
